Add cloudbuild.yaml and update Makefile (#44)
kubernetes-sigs/jobset: README.md

> To install the CRD and deploy the controller on the cluster selected on your `~/.kubeconfig`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build JobSet from source and install JobSet in the cluster selected on your `~/.kubeconfig`, run the following commands:
```

> `IMAGE_REGISTRY=<registry>/<project> image-local-push deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build JobSet from source and install JobSet in your cluster, run the following commands:

git clone https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset.git
cd jobset
IMAGE_REGISTRY=registry.example.com/my-user make image-local-push deploy
```

> 

Reviewer: Should call make?
